[DBMON-6566] Add Set up Database Monitoring with Terraform page (#36421)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_agent_terraform/_index.md

---
title: Set up Database Monitoring with Terraform
description: Provision the Datadog Agent for Database Monitoring with Terraform across managed and self-hosted databases.
further_reading:
- link: "/database_monitoring/data_collected/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Database Monitoring data collected"
- link: "https://github.com/DataDog/dd-database-monitoring-example"
  tag: "Source code"
  text: "dd-database-monitoring-example on GitHub"
---

> Use Terraform to provision the Datadog Agent for Database Monitoring (DBM) on AWS. The Terraform examples live in [`DataDog/dd-database-monitoring-example`][1] and cover the Agent side of the setup — each example deploys the Agent and wires it to your database. They do not provision the database itself or configure database-side parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Terraform to provision the Datadog Agent for Database Monitoring (DBM) on AWS. The Terraform examples are available in [`DataDog/dd-database-monitoring-example`][1] and cover the Agent side of the setup — each example deploys the Agent and wires it to your database. They do not provision the database itself or configure database-side parameters.
```

Select your database to get started:

> - [Postgres][2]

Author: more DBs to be added soon

> - [Postgres][2]

Reviewer: This would be nice with tiles and logos by DBMS, in a similar format to pages like https://docs.datadoghq.com/database_monitoring/setup_postgres/
